Sean we're here any tomorrow the
community where the of course the
terrible terror incident occurred just
around a year ago or family was
slaughtered but here's a day of
festivity we're on the festival of tu
b'shvat and here people from all the
country mostly members of the could have
come to plant trees and to say we are
here to stay I think that's the message
is that you can't kill us yes a family
may have been horribly murdered but
we're going to come back we're going to
plant we're going to live and we're
going to try that is the message that we
are giving our neighbors and a vatta
next door you decided to hold a tree
planting here with members of the Likud
here in a tomorrow what is your message
here today we're sending a very clear
message to the people who incite and
hate we will be forever we will plant
wins we will build Jewish homes we will
build synagogues and those murderers who
killed the focal family nothing can i
put it the jewish people from the land
of the shamone it will not help you if
you will kill we will bring more juice
to live here if you will destroy we
plant more trees and to date thousands
of liquid members come here and show
support for the showman people it's a
very glad I'm glad to see thousands of
people coming out to support the
community of e tomorrow to plant trees
here on our festival of tree planting on
tu b'shvat and it's just wonderful to
see tens of buses coming from around the
country with people from all around
showing their support to the people of e
tomorrow and planting trees here and
today we see a new building at the
yeshiva in itamar in memory of the focal
family and again we see building and the
response to those who wish to chase us
out of the land we're saying we are here
to stay and we will grow and we will be
here forever
by me